okay and contrary charge how's it going
guys and welcome back to my channel
today we're doing a bit of a setup video
it's not gonna be too complicated it's
gonna be a quick one I'm just gonna show
you what I game with what I use and sort
of what my room looks like
just uh just for a short while here's my
phone and on my phone it's the houses
phone not a house is actually apartment
but it's a gigaset phone I don't even
know I'm reviewing this phone sucks
house got a closed we know I usually
toss this in the wall like here
my mom has complained and I haven't
really said what it is I'm just blaming
on the cheap budget color but anyhow I
put these on my door cuz I figure it was
kind of nice that's when I shot I don't
know what that was but that was bended
magnum I have like these old they're
sort of metal no no not that one is very
nice not special my father works with
architecture and art so he gives me
these like things from yeah let's go
back to the screens they're a bunch of
two 450h T's very new ones from bank
quite good ones too at different modes
and well not make a lot on headset or
make a load on whatever the fuck you say
although Reagan headset works perfect
good microphone sweet headset it came in
a nice package when I get a new headset
I'm gonna give these away to like Paris
or royal or someone had probably panas C
sounds like he talks inside of a cup
like oh okay moving on a mouse
Mamba Mouse very good one actually I
like sensitivity off prism shit like
that is gonna keep the lowest one cook
45 I don't even know why I have this
laying my desk it's just when I get
bored I cock it and then it and then I
don't clock it so that's that Megalodon
singing old shitty keyboard I'm getting
a new one pretty soon I might bash it
out fully
George I love that guy that's why I said
I don't know what he's from the podium
right I just sort of he reminds me of
the heavy cavalry charge at Waterloo
moving down and have my internet thing
much of games CDs shit window fuck
screamed I don't know what this is I
know why I have this here intranet PC I
could open it up to you in fact I will
open up so I'm gonna go in Paul 17
seconds oh fuck I'll show you when I
open it you can meanwhile you can hear
how loud it actually is
how much even here that's fine so it's
open so inside here is NASA's computer I
got a phone call from Dodd yesterday one
of these PC back so I'm not gonna give
it to them though
here it is water-cooled two fans in the
top two GTX 580 solar farms 12 gigs of
ddr3 RAM 1866 megahertz
that's a Silverstone Strider down there
you j5e vj4 way classified motherboard
yeah that's a bit of a dust there I'm
gonna try and get that away I hate this
especially when computer so I sort of
back in this fight off heat so we're
gonna close this again you can actually
be open like that yeah that's about it
really there's not much more to it I
might as well might as well do something
while I'm actually added I have three
screens hmm
what can I do with these yeah we can try
I don't know how it's gonna look it's
probably gonna be full-out retarded are
you going Darth Maul empire and do these
and three screens I haven't tried this
before I just you know had the feeling
I've tried now okay here's a here's a
nice thing my father took this down when
he was like 12
he had the movie da that's in Swedish
that's the sweet love the 12 July that's
about Tintin that's some other things
you see him stuff like that I like it so
here we are an empire total war and
adoptions with graphics we're gonna go
to settings we're gonna go to 660 x 1080
it's gonna target the loading screen
it's gonna be absent
silence were committed
[Music]